Documentation: Request (#926)
zio/zio-http: docs/website/docs/v1.x/dsl/request/index.md

```scala
val request: Request = Request()
```

## Matching and Extracting Requests

`Request` can be extracted into an HTTP Method and Path via the -> object. On the left side is the `Method`, and on the right side, the `Path`.

```scala
Method.GET -> !! / "text"
```
### Method
 `Method` represents HTTP methods like POST, GET, PUT, PATCH, and DELETE.
You can create existing HTTP methods such as `Method.GET`, `Method.POST` etc or create a custom one.
 

### Path
 `Path` can be created using
  - `!!` which represents the root
  - `/` which represents the path delimiter and starts the extraction from the left-hand side of the expression
  - `/:` which represents the path delimiter and starts the extraction from the right-hand side of the expression and can match paths partially 

The below snippet creates an `HttpApp` that accepts an input of type `Request` and output of type `Response` with two paths.
According to the request path, it will respond with the corresponding response:
- if the request has path `/name` it will match the first route.
- if the request has path `/name/joe` it will match the second route as `/:` matches the path partially as well.  

>  ```scala
>  val app: HttpApp[Any, Nothing] = Http.collect[Request] {
>     case Method.GET -> !! / a => Response.text(s"$a")
>     case Method.GET -> !! /: rest => Response.text(s"$rest")
>   }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ```scala
 val app: HttpApp[Any, Nothing] = Http.collect[Request] {
    case Method.GET -> !! / a => Response.text(s"$a")
    case Method.GET -> !! /a/: rest => Response.text(s"$rest")
  }
```
```

#### Matching path on the basis of Type

The below snippet will match path like `/fruits/3/apples` but not `/fruits/a/apples`

```scala
val app: HttpApp[Any, Nothing] = Method.GET / "fruits" / *[Int] / "apples" to { a =>
    Response.text(s"apples: ${a.params.toString}")
  }

> ``` 

Reviewer: remove this section its not stable and doesn't support queryparams as of now

## Accessing the Request

> - `getBody` to access the content of request as a Chunk of Bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getBody` to access the content of request as a Chunk[Byte]
```

# Request

`Request` is designed in **ZIO HTTP** in the simplest way possible to make HTTP calls.
 It supports all HTTP request methods (as defined in [RFC2616](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616) ) and headers along with custom methods and headers.
 
 ## Creating a Request
`Request` can be created with `method`, `url`, `headers`, `remoteAddress` and `data`.

The below snippet creates a request with default params, `method` as `Method.GET`, `url` as `URL.root`, `headers` as `Headers.empty`, `data` as `HttpData.Empty`, `remoteAddress` as `None`
```scala
val request: Request = Request()
```
 ## Creating a Request Effectfully
 You can create request effectfully using `make` constructor in `Request`.
 

>  The below snippet creates an effectful request with default params, method as `Method.GET`, url as `URL.root`, headers as `Headers.empty`, data as `HttpData.Empty`, remoteAddress as `None`

Reviewer: This Part I believe will never be used on Server- Side apart from unit test and for Client side we have `clientParams` lets discuss this

# Request
 
## Server-side

> `Request` is designed in **ZIO HTTP** in the simplest way possible to make HTTP calls.
>  It supports all HTTP request methods (as defined in [RFC2616](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616) ) and headers along with custom methods and headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ZIO HTTP** `Request` is designed in the simplest way possible to, decode HTTP `Request` into a ZIO HTTP requests.
 It supports all HTTP request methods (as defined in [RFC2616](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616) ) and headers along with custom methods and headers.
```

 
## Creating a Request

`Request` can be created with `method`, `url`, `headers`, `remoteAddress` and `data`.

The below snippet creates a request with default params, `method` as `Method.GET`, `url` as `URL.root`, `headers` as `Headers.empty`, `data` as `HttpData.Empty`, `remoteAddress` as `None`
```scala
val request: Request = Request()
```

## Using Request in creating HTTP apps

> You can create an HTTP app which accepts a request of type `Request` and produces response of type `Response`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create an HTTP app which accepts a input of type `Request` and produces output of type `Response`:
```

# Request
 

> **ZIO HTTP** `Request` is designed in the simplest way possible to, decode HTTP `Request` into a ZIO HTTP request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ZIO HTTP** `Request` is designed in the simplest way possible to decode HTTP Request into a ZIO HTTP request.
```

 It supports all HTTP request methods (as defined in [RFC2616](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2616) ) and headers along with custom methods and headers.
 
## Creating a Request

`Request` can be created with `method`, `url`, `headers`, `remoteAddress` and `data`. 
Creating requests using `Request` is useful while writing unit tests.

The below snippet creates a request with default params, `method` as `Method.GET`, `url` as `URL.root`, `headers` as `Headers.empty`, `data` as `HttpData.Empty`, `remoteAddress` as `None`
```scala
val request: Request = Request()
```

## Matching and Extracting Requests

> `Request` can be extracted into an HTTP Method and Path via the ->. On the left side is the `Method`, and on the right side, the `Path`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Request` can be extracted into an HTTP Method and Path via `->`. On the left side is the `Method`, and on the right side, the `Path`.
```

> `Request` can be extracted into an HTTP Method and Path via the -> object. On the left side is the `Method`, and on the right side, the `Path`.

Reviewer 2: ```and Path via the -> object```
you can omit "object" or may be use some other term?

```scala
Method.GET -> !! / "text"
```
### Method
 `Method` represents HTTP methods like POST, GET, PUT, PATCH, and DELETE.
You can create existing HTTP methods such as `Method.GET`, `Method.POST` etc or create a custom one.
 

### Path
 `Path` can be created using
  - `!!` which represents the root
  - `/` which represents the path delimiter and starts the extraction from the left-hand side of the expression

>   - `/:` which represents the path delimiter and starts the extraction from the right-hand side of the expression and can match paths partially 

Reviewer 2: Can there be a small example here explaining the term "extraction from left or right side"?

Author: I added just below this
